Amir is back on the pod. Thank you. Uh
by the end of this episode, what are
people going to learn? Today we're going
to cover three aspects of building
business, using new tools to actually
build out landing pages, and then using
other tools like humble to actually
create high converting landing pages and
running experiments. So, we're going to
cover how to actually use idea browser
to build the right amount of context and
planning to come up with an idea and
build a landing page behind it, validate
it, refine a design using paper design,
and then going into humbulics and then
running an experiment and tracking data
to then come back and keep optimizing
for conversions.
>> And you're going to commit to giving all
the sauce. You're not holding back.
>> Raw. We're going to go going to go
through everything, all the sauce. By
the end of this, you're going to learn
what it takes to take an idea, validate
it, refine it, build a landing page with
a nice design that's not vibe coded, and
then get the right data to make some
money.
>> Okay? Cuz there's a lot of tutorials
that sort of promise that, right? But
then you end up with like a purple vibe
coded landing page.
>> Do I ever let you down?
>> No, you don't.
>> I don't let you down. That's true. There
you go.
>> All right. Let's let's go. Let's get
into it.
>> All right. So,
Idea browser came out with something
really cool um I really like which is
basically you can now directly connect
idea browser to cloud code as an MCP.
What's really interesting about it is
you know you guys used to focus a lot on
finding the right idea and then building
it. But what was missing was how do you
track the natural progression of how the
business is evolving over time with the
right context and documents to then come
back and reference and say, "Okay, cool.
Like this is the idea I had. Here's how
I started with ICP positioning. Now I
want to come back and refine this or
help me figure out um kind of what to
pitch for or who to go after as my
customers." So I was playing around with
Jordan earlier today. We were on a live
stream and we found this really cool
idea which was an AI sparring partner
for B2B sales teams. The idea was how do
we build a tool that kind of essentially
helps reps practice on prospects on real
time and get them to essentially go
through simulations of being like, you
know, going through a sales call and
getting feedback on what they can
improve on. We put together a quick
landing page. We made some designs and
then got some data in there and started
tracking it. So, for today's episode,
we're going to build on top of this.
We're going to refine the messaging.
We're going to go through some sections
on the website, refine the copy and
design, show you how to use paper for
that, and then also uh yeah, get some
experiments and AB testing in there.
>> Cool.
>> Um so what I so what we have so far is
we have this one specific file which is
uh like um offer definition and talk
tracks that tells you who your your
target customer is, the transformation,
the offer, the value, competitive
positioning. What's really cool is you
guys also have skills in here which you
can use to then build on top of the
idea. Um, so I actually want to use the
lead magnet legend here, this specific
skill to build the specific lead landing
page site um to kind of get someone to
come sign up and you know go through
this process. So we're going to open up
terminal and we already have all the
MCPS connected. So if I go to MCP you
can see I have idea browser, I have
paper, all that. We're going to go
through it. So, I'm going to say connect
to idea
idea browser MCP. Um, look at my AI B2B
sparring partner project. Pull the right
context. Then use the lead magnet skill
to create a
By the way, I just got to say this cuz
people are going to hate on you for the
comments. In the comments, you type your
your prompts. You don't use voice.
Listen, I love Whisper Flow, but tell me
how I'm going to do this while I'm doing
the pod. Okay. All right. Just just you
got to bear with me here.
>> Okay. So, when you're at home, are you
using Whisper Flow or are you still
typing?
>> I am. So, I'm using I usually use
Whisper Flow when I'm initially starting
a project or some some session and it's
like a long It depends on honestly on
the context of how much information I'm
going to put in the terminal. But yeah,
no, I got Whisper Flow, you know. Okay.
I'm I'm up to date with the tools.
So what we're doing right now is we've
pulled the right project context and so
like we have context right here that's
built as a file and then um we're then
we also have a growth strategy that we
worked on earlier and then from there
we're going to uh build out a lead
magnet specifically for this idea. So we
have this AI B2B sparring partner. Um
what's really cool is you got have you
guys have this like activity streak to
keep building on kind of your business.
And that's like the biggest problem
these days. Like everyone can build
landing pages. Everyone has ideas. How
do you actually like know where to get
customers? How do you actually grow it?
And that's the next kind of gap that
we're all trying to solve for right now.
>> Well, yeah. I think uh we've all tried
the vibe coding tools. We've all built
stuff.
>> Um I do think that having the right idea
is important.
>> Um finding the right niche is important.
>> But you know, the other thing is just
like how do you get customers?
uh to to honestly just give you
confidence to keep going.
>> Exactly.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Yeah. And and we're gonna
eventually get there and I think you
guys do a really good job of this and
I'm not like promoting like I'm
promoting idea browser don't get me
wrong but I wasn't you know I'm actually
using this tool myself now because that
was kind of the biggest gap I had myself
like with Humbolty was like okay cool I
have all these great ideas and I've been
understanding who our customer is and
trying to get customers through trial
and error. And I was telling Jordan
Jordan earlier I was like I wish I had
idea bowseres sooner right so that I can
come back and use these specific skills
to um to understand okay cool what is
the right growth strategy because a lot
of what you guys have has been fully
refined and we were going through this
earlier today and it was interviewing me
and asking me questions and I was like
this is so impressive I wish I had
humbalytics for this specifically so
that I can come back and say okay cool
like humb to go after director of
marketings in this specific field with
this kind of messaging and yeah so kudos
to you guys for building a really cool
product with this and I think a lot of
people now can actually use this to
build the idea and then also help build
the business as well. Um so we going
back to cloud code we were connected to
MCP we have built out the lead magnet
which is basically five objections that
kill fright software deals. So we
actually niched down we built this AI
BDB sparring partner in the fright
software industry and it's going to say
you're going to want to create a PDF
guide um give them all Yep. So this is
great. Okay, cool. So we we have the
idea of the lead magnet and it should
now actually save
the file in here. Let's go back. Boom.
Now we have the file. So this is really
cool. Like you have context of the ideas
it came with and it's added here. Um now
we're going to come back and use the the
scale. I got to come back here. We have
the where is this? The landing page
architect. using and basically what
we're going to do now is for the people
that don't know paper is it's a really
cool tool where essentially it's
connected so I'm going to take a step
back typically with Figma you had
designers creating static assets in
Figma landing page designs and then
handing off to engineering teams right
the missing gap was now we have a lot of
people that are building landing pages
and websites with cloud code directly in
code and refining it through there and
then losing track of like what they're
iterating on and not having the ability
to be able to kind of refine this. So
with paper, what you're able to do is
actually um have an interface connected
to cloud code where you're ideulating
creating iterations of iterations
directly in the design and then coming
up with like what direction you want to
go with and then having it in code. So
it's kind of like the intermediary step
that we were missing before where people
are just directly building in code
>> and you know you can use paper. Or are
there any other competitors that people
use or just or just stick to paper?
>> I mean, so Figma just recently came out
with their birectional ACP. MC ACP.
>> I'm in your world, man.
>> Totally.
>> Yeah. MCP. Um uh where you can both
design like uh you can take a design and
build it to code or code to design to go
birectional, which this is essentially
what paper already is. Um, but I just
feel like um, the tooling and the
interface and the experience on paper is
a lot nicer in my opinion and it just
works a lot better. So, we're we're now
connected to we've we've captured the
lead magnet. We have the landing page
scale architect being added as well with
the offer that we want to have and now
we want to actually build out the page
using paper. So, while that's going
through it, I want to talk about kind of
how you can refine your designs as well.
So often times you see people with kind
of these vibecoded designs and they're
not entirely sure how to actually go
with like the right direction of
building out a design system. What I
typically like to do is always give
Claude um a reference image of an
existing design that I like. So, for
example, I'll go into um an existing
site or have some bookmarks of sites I
like and I'll take the screenshots and
I'll drop it into cloud and I'll say
extrapolate like the key design elements
from these pages and help me create a
design system. So, what you're seeing
right now for example is a design system
that I've created using cloud based on
reference images so that we can kind of
reference back into for future sessions.
So if I want to come back and create a
new section or new component my landing
page, I can say reference design style
guide as like the basis as you're
creating new components so that you have
that consistency. Um now I want to show
an example like again a lot of people
have this misconception that vibe coded
design is bad. This has all been fully
vivecoded. We built all these
animations, all these components using
claude and doesn't seem that way. It
seems very polished, very well refined.
And the way to do that is you refine it
through paper and then give example
components and illustrations from other
websites or libraries to build on top
of. So for example, um I use this tool
quite a lot. It's called Tail Arc Tail
Pro and they have a lot of great
existing blocks and illustrations that
you can use and you can actually install
these and use it as a reference. So I'll
go back into paper and I'll show you
kind of how Oh, nice. Right now, we're
seeing Cloud Code design and build
directly in paper on what this lead
magnet looks like, which is
>> really cool.
>> Really, really cool. I love the little
kind of section by section it's building
out.
So, I think this is perfect. Actually,
this is a great segue to that. So, we're
going to let it build out the landing
page. Then, I'm going to show you how
you can actually use tail arc as a
reference point to then improve the
design of this. So, so it goes from
something like this to something a
little bit more tailored like like this
for example.
>> By the way, there's an ant on the table
just there. Do we do we let the ant
watch your your your demonstration or do
we you know or do we sort of move him
aside? What do you think?
>> I think we'll just we'll give him put
him put him in I mean where do we put
him?
>> Um I mean I I have nothing against the
Yeah, he's chilling.
>> He's chilling.
>> He's getting the direct sauce. Yeah,
he's we can give the ant some sauce, you
know.
>> Here's a napkin in case.
>> Yeah.
>> Um, okay, cool. So, we're building out
the section, which is pretty cool. Now,
like a lot of people say, "Okay, cool.
Like, why don't I just build this
directly in code? Why do I have to
actually use paper?" The idea is that
you can use paper to help build out
different variations. So, if I want to
try different layouts, I can just do it
directly in here, make some refinements
myself, especially for designers. I
think this is super powerful for
designers that want to just jump in and
start changing things themselves without
having to kind of use cloud code again
or existing components they have. So
we'll let this finish then I want to
show you some examples of what I've also
created in paper to show you that what's
what's possible if you keep refining it
and go through it go through it.
Perfect. So we're all done here. Now
what does this look like in actual real
practice if you spend time refining
this. So this is all designed in paper.
Um, I've given the design style guide I
have in Humbolytics. I've said here's
the components you have and use these
components to refine it. So, I actually
build out some of these sections in here
and then port it over to code. I or I
even use it to create static assets that
I want to use in ads, in thumbnails,
whatever it is. This is all purely you
like built using cloud. Now, how do you
go back to actually refine the design
here? Um, so what I do typically is I'll
go into Tail Arc and find a section that
I like. So we have this like content
area section. I'll go into
um let's go into content
right here. Okay, cool. I like I like
this. I like this right here. Or maybe
yeah, we'll use this one. Cool. So I'll
go back in the terminal and I'll say
install this tail arc component and use
it for the content section in the lead
magnet first. Design it in paper and
then we just need to pull the API key
for tail arc. Cool.
>> I've actually never heard of tail arc.
>> Really?
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. It's it's just another UI library.
I mean
>> I'm not sure who's behind it. I think
it's like an indie founder or something
like that.
>> Looks clean.
>> Yeah. Super clean. It's the way to go,
you know. Kudos or shout out to whoever
built this. I think it's a indie person.
So, whoever it is, you've done a great
job. Keep keep doing it.
>> Um, yeah, I'm a fan. I'm I'm a big fan.
They got taste, that's for sure.
So, what we're doing right now, we're
just installing Tail Arc so that we can
like install the right components here.
And
um, yeah, what's special about this is
that you can take those components that
I showed you earlier. So if we're going
to, for example, we're going to do the
content one,
this one specifically, and I can just
drop it in as well, a screenshot to say
like install this, use this component,
and then I'll go back into paper and say
like use it for this section here.
What's also interesting uh is, you know,
showing tail arc, showing idea browser,
the MCP, it's sort of a glimpse into
like the future of software, right? Like
you're not in the past we would go and
just use SAS, right? Yeah,
>> now it's like the work is getting done
in the terminal.
>> Nailed it to again. It's becoming the
interface for work for everything. You
know, if you remember our first episode
cursor was Yeah. Like
>> you were you were right.
>> So you said
>> what? I think your exact words were
something like
>> like Yeah. B I I think the mistake I
made was I I I said cursor. That's what
you said.
>> Yeah. Cursor is the interface of work or
it's the future of interface of work. I
would say now terminal. The terminal is
interface of work. We were, you know, we
were very, you know, we were early. We
were early. We were early. Like we're
like, "Yo, markdowns are going to become
a thing. You're going to do all your
work in cursor, all of it in terminal."
>> People thought we were crazy.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Like
>> here we are today, man. Everyone, you
know,
>> and we're showing you this and someone
probably listening to this is probably
like, "You guys are crazy."
>> 100%. Yeah, you know, uh, another thing
for example was like you're now seeing
people building out markdown pages on
their websites to make it easier for
agents to access, right? You look at
what's happening now. People are giving
agents wallets. What's going on here?
They're giving out wallets. They're
giving them um emails, inboxes, stuff
like that. So, it's insane to see um
Yeah, yeah, it's it's insane to see kind
of the evolution of that. And we're
seeing actually tangent um
I have a thesis. The thesis is that more
agents are going to actually visit uh
websites than humans.
>> Mhm. I mean that's that's I'm 100%
certain of that. It's not even you know
>> I saw that Gartner had a research report
that said 20% of commerce will on the
internet by 2030 will be agents. meaning
like agents are buying things.
>> Um, you know that the the
tail or what's the the how do I say
this? Basically where it's all where
it's going is agents doing more and more
things. So obviously yeah there's just
there's going to be way more agents than
humans. Therefore there's going to be
way more consumption of agents of
products.
>> Yeah. And it's like the multiplier
effect too, right? Because you have
people running multiple open claws or
multiple agents. Exactly.
>> On behalf of one person
>> and who was it? There was a report
saying I don't know if they were serious
but they're saying yeah we should put a
tax on a we should put a tax on agents
right because it's like
yeah it's making us more productive
there's a whole think about human beings
right like if you have a if you
>> if you're running a company and you want
to hire someone you have to pay payroll
tax on that person right
>> so of course then you know governments
are going to be like well
>> it's kind of like you're hiring a person
Therefore, there should be some taxes
that, you know, agents have to pay.
>> There there's an arbitrage opportunity
right there, right? Like you you as a
single human now have an army of agents
working for you on your behalf. They're
a multiplier effect of what your income
is or whatever it is that you're doing
more productive.
Yeah. Where's like, you know, you're
making more money. Yeah. I wouldn't be
surprised at some point we have some
agent tax. It's like on on your taxes
like list out the agents you have. But
um but anyways, uh back to kind of
talking about the future of web. Yeah.
Like we're also seeing right now um
more websites being built to be agent
friendly, right? Firecraw fire uh cloud
for came out with their um endpoint to
be able to crawl websites to give access
to agents to be able to get the data
they need. And you know we actually had
our website built in web flow. Then we
migrated to framework and now we fully
built in custom code. Why? Because we
wanted to be able to use the agent as
our CMS. So use cloud code to directly
update our CMS and the act ability to
give access to other tools to like
quickly ship changes, run tests, give
access to our agents and MCPS which is
you can now kind of do with web phone
framework but it's not as open as you
want it to be essentially.
>> So
>> makes sense.
>> Yeah, that's kind of the the the thought
process behind it. Let's go back. Okay,
nice. So yeah, we're getting a much
nicer refined design here. Um, and then
if we wanted to, we can go back and like
maybe find more components to drop. So,
um, let's look at like maybe
So, one of the things I really liked
about your website, the Humble Litics
website, is like the animations were
really good.
>> Yeah.
>> How do you think about like if we wanted
to like update the designs here to be a
little more animated, how would we do
that?
>> Yeah. So, I So, right now we're doing
right now. So, I basically went into
here. Um, so this one has a very subtle
animation. I copied this component and I
dropped it back into terminal in cloud
code. I said, "Hey, add the section and
then add a subtle animation." And the
goal like I always say like you don't
want to overanimate things. It's
interesting to see how like agents
respond to constraints and guard rails,
especially around like, hey, make subtle
changes, subtle animation, subtle design
refinements. I'm actually very
intentional with that word when I use it
with agents because like if you say
improve the design, it's so broad and
generic. Whereas you say, "Hey, work on
refining the design. Make sure you have
consistent layouts and themes and keep
it subtle enough to make sure there's
like cohesiveness across the entire
page." I find that prompt works a lot
better than just saying improve the
design.
>> Keep it subtle, stupid.
>> Yeah, keep it subtle. Exactly. Exactly.
There you go. Um, so you know, while
that's happening, I'll say when you're
done, make the changes in the code and
push it and tell me the URL for it and
add a section on the homepage to the
lead magnet. Cool. We already have the
site right now and um,
we're going to now add that lead magnet
section. So, we were actually earlier
today with Jordan and I in the live
stream, we're building out the home
section, the hero section, and we
started working on the steps below it.
But now what we're going to do is build
a lead magnet page using what we just
covered in paper and the designs. Um,
and then yeah, we're going to push it
live to the website and then run some
get some analytics in there and run some
experiments to see what drives more
conversions.
>> Cool.
>> Yeah. And then like for the audience,
like keep in mind like we're doing this
really really quickly. We're speed
running through this,
>> you know. Um, obviously like if you look
at this design, it's a lot more refined
than what it would be. Typically, I
would spend a couple hours going through
this, going through specifically like
different illustrations or blocks or
sections. I just want to cover like the
key principles of how I approach it and
then you can come back and like use
these different components to refine
each individual section. Any questions,
thoughts? Yeah, I think uh I was just
just thinking about this like we we all
have these this you know expectations
that you're going to like one prompt
something, two prompt something, three
prompt. So I'm happy you said that it's
probably going to take a couple hours
>> if you really do want to get it dialed.
So I I just I don't want people to go
through this whole process and be like
>> well when air did it look so so much
better. Well, air amir first of all you
had the library so that was helping but
also you know it takes time right
>> it takes a lot of time like we yeah we I
mean it doesn't take a lot of time if
you think about it just takes like
>> imag you know if air from 2017 saw this
>> oh like
and heard that and heard that you said
it took a lot of time
>> you'd be like what is air on
>> no yeah no
>> but it takes time it takes some amount
of
It takes time, taste, and skill to know
what you got to do and how to do it,
right? It's like we've we made it so
easy to achieve the tasks. How do you
give the agents the right direction and
approach to say here's how you need to
do it?
>> The taste taste is what we know we've
been talking about a lot.
>> Yeah.
>> And and direction, right? Like this
particular component needs subtle
animation. Here's a reference of that.
>> Exactly. Exactly. Like I built this
component from scratch. not from
scratch. Off an existing component that
was I think let's actually find it.
>> So you found a component here.
>> Exactly. So I found a component here.
We're going to find it cuz I know I'll
tell you where it is. So like this is
for example right here. Okay. So we had
this component
>> and
this is it right here. I I ported this
one over but I said add a sol animation
to switch through it for example or or
this analytics query right here. So this
one is
this one
>> right now that specific component I
think it was it was one of these one of
these cards essentially and yeah I took
it and I said hey based on this
component oh right here this one it was
this one and I turned it into
>> this
which is you know
>> I think it looks great.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. So cool. So, we we've we've built
out the design of the guide page in
here. Um, and now we're going to see if
it's live on the website. So, let's push
this and then we're going to go to
guide.
Boom. So, now we have it. We have the
sections here. Okay. So, now let's get
some analytics in here to see how many
people actually could sign up for this
lead magnet.
>> So, I just want to say one thing. This
lead magnet looks gorgeous. Like, think
about this lead magnet. looks better
than 99.99999%
of lead magnets that exist. Right? So
people listening to this like this is
uh think think about you know don't just
create one lead magnet, right? Like
every few weeks create new lead magnets,
optimize your lead magnets and you're
going to be able to outperform because
you're going to know how to do and
create gorgeous looking lead magnets.
>> Exactly. And we did we did this in like
30 minutes. Again, like you get the
right components, the right direction.
You can do some research on the best
ones, port them over as reference
styles, and then make that refinement.
So, right now, while you were going
through it, I found this kind of decent
component. I was like, why don't we just
try this design instead and add it? So,
let's see what happens.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay, cool. It's going to adopt it and
it's going to have that split split
layout. All right, so we've got this
lead magnet. We'll wait while it's
refining the design. We're going to come
back and essentially get some analytics
installed and look at some click
tracking form submissions and run some
experiments to see if I were to change
this headline headline for example um
what would this look like and you know
what would increase more form
submissions for our leads and we we use
this approach at uh humble we just
started actually where we built like an
autonomous CRO agent where we have
direct skills and MCPs connected to a
cloud so we directly connect to our
track our analytics and experimentation
tool, our marketing site, which is why
we ported over to custom code. We
wouldn't have been able to do this
through Webflow and then we have Google
Ads. The idea is how can we spin up
multiple subpages that are personalized
campaigns like personalized campaign
landing pages based on the campaigns we
have. So, like if I'm running a a a
painoint campaign on Google Ads and I
have five adsets, I want each one to
have its own personalized landing page
and I want to AB test each individual
landing page to see what headline
resonates the most or what layout for
example. Um, you're able to do this with
the custom code site really quickly with
cloud code. With framer or web flow, you
have to create the pages, create the
sections, come back and update it. You
know what I mean? So that's kind of the
whole thesis we're talking about earlier
where it's like the feature of websites
is custom code and the agent is the CMS
and then you have it running and you can
even set up like um uh so what we do is
we have like a cron job now directly in
cloud code because they support
automated tasks to say every week go
into um like run this specific task. So
what we have is Google ads directly
connect to cloud through the API. We
have three cloud scales a paid media
manager that pulls data from meta and
Google. We have a CRO optimizer that
runs AB tests and then we have a funnel
report that just gives us a report of
like here's how many users you had
signed up. It connects to stripe chart
mobile all the different tools that we
have and then we have humbalytics that
essentially hits our endpoint to give
you recommendations actually uses fire
crawl to scrape the pages and then um uh
helps you kind of say okay here's what
you need to optimize for helps you run
the experiment all through cloud and
then it manages the manages the like the
results for you. I mean
that is just so cool that we live in a
world where you can do that.
>> I know. Yeah. Yeah. And the best part is
you can actually use this with idea
browser to pull all that context and
save it as a file back into idea
browser.
>> Jordan and I were talking about this
like yo we can do this now. Like imagine
you do a weekly report. You pull all the
data you add it into idea browser and
now Idea browser has contest of like how
growth has been over time
>> which is
which is sort of the unlock right.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
You know, if you have that, you're just
going to get better results. You're
going to compound and that's like how
you can compete in Right.
>> Yeah. Exactly. Um, so we just added the
the component to the like we installed
this new component, but I realized the
mistake we made was we got rid of the
form, so we're adding it back in. But
yeah, like the to your point, uh, we
actually before this, we were tracking
all the context directly in Obsidian as
well. So we have a master like
performance log.
>> Yeah.
>> It says like here's how this AB tested.
Here's how much money it made. Here's
what you need to improve on. And we just
come back to this context. So we have
this all set up now. We have this
landing page. And let's go back to the
homepage and maybe run an an experiment
on this homepage to see if we can
increase clickthrough rates. So what
I'll do is I'll spin up cloud again. And
then we're going to go into so with
Humbolytics you can just go directly to
the API create an API key get your
property details and instructions to hit
the cloud. Uh but what it you know you
get the basic analytics you would
typically see where people are visiting
from traffic you know the channels
everything you want if you're looking to
like run paid ad campaigns you get full
attribution directly in here so you can
see exactly what channels are making you
money. You can have heat maps to see
scroll depth, what people are clicking
on, the full experience. You can even
create funnels. So, for example, if you
want to go like, you know, from page to
guide, you can even run it. It'll show
you what people went through his steps.
Um, and then you can run AB experiments.
So, we have zero right now. We're going
to use Claude to actually run an
experiment. So, we're just going to copy
this. just gonna
and then we're going to have a we have a
dedicated skill for this but I thought
just to show people the steps. So using
this approach
create an AB experiment no code type for
the headline
suggest what the headline
>> so you have a skill for this?
>> We do.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. I I'll share the link afterwards
that people can use where essentially
we'll help you get set up with like
comolytics, run experiments, get
recommendations. But we have endpoints
right now that you can hit to say okay
like tell your agent or cloud code hit
the specific endpoint the
recommendations endpoint and it'll
actually scrape your site pull traffic
insights pull all the existing data you
have in homalytics and even idea browser
and then give you a very detailed report
on here's what you should like focus on
for your landing page or what you should
test.
>> Yeah.
>> Nice. So it's pulling insights based on
analytics. We have a 40% average scroll
25% bounce rate. Here's the page
content. Here's what your control should
be and then here's what you should be
what should be the variant. Okay, cool.
We should now go back into experiments.
We now have an AB test running directly
through here, which is crazy. It's
actually insane. And we did this without
even deploying change cuz our script
dynamically updates the content on the
site without you having to go to your
developers and say, "Hey, like can you
can you create this new page or push it
for us?" So, this is what we had. If I
refresh this
maybe a couple times because it's like
it's distributing traffic. Let's see.
>> Right.
>> There we go.
>> Every lost deal started with an
objection your rep wasn't ready for.
Honestly, not bad.
>> Pretty fire.
>> Yeah. But here's the cool thing. We just
launched an experiment.
>> Yeah.
>> And it automatically updated the page
without pushing code. And now you're
tracking to see how this headline will
actually impact conversions. Yeah. So if
I click this for example, you know, and
then let's say we go back to control. So
this is right now showing. Okay, now
we're on control and we go back in here.
We can see exactly
>> how conversion is doing.
>> So it's still pretty early. So it's
going to like not have any good data to
show, but it's showing you even what
people are clicking on directly and
telling you how the test is doing.
>> Insane.
>> Yeah.
>> It's also insane that like I don't know
anyone who's doing this.
Yeah, I know. Yeah. Yeah. We we I think
this this stack right here um what I
showed between going from idea to
refining in paper then analyzing
optimizing for this like if you're a go
to market person or marketing person and
use a stack you're unstoppable. Yeah. So
we're we're we're doing this at scale
now. We're running a bunch of paid meta
ads Google ads directly connected
pulling all the context creating
personalized pages and seeing like
what's what's making money. I mean
there's also an opportunity to actually
take this stack and sell this as a
service right like how many businesses
you know would would pay 5 10 15 20
grand a month
>> if you can actually be doing this
>> for them like probably a lot. Yeah, we
so we actually have a couple customers
that work with us and say, "Hey, like
we'll pay you like 5k, 10k a month. Can
you just run
>> right?
>> Can you just use your software and then
run it for us?" Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Because like you can connect meta ads
directly in here, Google ads, get full
revenue attribution and then they say,
"Hey, like just tell us like where where
our top funnel spend should be." And so
it's almost like we're seeing this now
too like managed service.
>> Yeah, makes sense.
>> Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, we've I feel like
we've covered a lot, right? We went from
an idea that we had in idea browser to
um to like now having relevant context.
So we can even come back and say like in
the terminal say you know using idea
browser MCP add this info uh to the
context. So we can come back and
actually add this as a file right. Um so
we went from idea to designing something
in paper to building a new landing page
to then having analytics and experiments
behind it.
>> Crazy.
What a time to be alive, my friend.
>> What a time to be alive. All right. Was
that Was that saucy?
>> That was saucy, man. I like I would be
real with you. Like if this
>> I've I've never seen
anyone do this this fast with this
stack.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. If it it sometimes I
yearn to be an employee again and like
go to micro marketing so I can just take
this and just blow people's mind away
because it's like
>> it's so much fun. Like I wish we had a
million dollar monthly spend so I can
just dabble with these tools
>> and just show them what's possible.
>> Yeah. What's going through my mind is
like there's a lot of arbitrage.
>> Insane,
>> right? Like if you
>> if you can, you know, if you get have
good ideas, if you get, you know, source
of good ideas and you can AB test them
and you can be creating beautiful
websites, you know, lead magnets, that
sort of thing. and you have access to 7
billion people who have, you know,
internet connections and and their
credit cards attached to it. Like
there's arbitrage and I remember
>> I remember when the Facebook ad platform
first came out.
>> Oh yeah.
>> And you know the average click I think
back then was 5 cents a click.
>> So meaning like you can create an ad and
I was at the time working with these
social gaming companies. So, I would say
like, "Hey, you know, as an example,
Farm Bill, I would say like, would you
pay me $2 for every install I got for
you?" And they'd be like, "Sure. This,
you know, we monetize so much better
than that." And I was just using
Facebook ads cuz I was paying 5 cents a
click. And there was this moment of
opportunity basically where you could do
really well
>> um because of this ad platform and and
and how cheap it is. Now, fast forward
to today, I don't even know what a CPC
is. On average, it's probably $2 or
something like that. Yeah, it's $23.
>> $23, right? So, it's it's, you know, so
much more expensive and it's
>> and it's just because people didn't know
back then, right? And it's sort of the
same thing with this with this sort of
stuff. It's like, you know, 99.999% of
people don't know that this stack
exists.
>> Yeah.
>> And there's an opportunity to create
offers and arbitrage right now.
>> The right tooling, the right approach.
You have a terminal with a million
context tokens. There's the
opportunities are endless.
>> Yeah. you know,
>> so I appreciate you sharing.
>> Yeah.
>> Um and uh I'll include the link that for
that skill in the show notes in the
description
>> for sure.
>> I'll include links on where to follow
Amir uh on X and and other places.
>> And uh stay saucy, my friend.
>> Thank you for having me, man. Good to
see you.
>> Good to see you. All right.